    The drone industry has grown by leaps and bounds over the past several years, captivating hobbyists, the government, and the public alike. As a backdrop to this new technical fixation, controversy has brewed with regard to how these drones ought to be sold, flown, and used. In my opinion, the government should not limit marketplace access to drone technology, but should regulate its use in the same way they do the automotive industry.
    It is important to note that in this context I am not arguing that military-grade, weaponized Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) should be allowed to be owned – and flown – by ordinary citizens. That would be a clear threat to our national security. Rather, the question at hand is whether or not the United States government should allow the American people access to commercial drone technology, such as DJI’s iconic white Phantom line. Drones such as these have been used for numerous positive applications, from cinematography to cartography to hurricane surveying. Many might argue that due to the potential for positive use in these and other areas, drone use should not be restricted.
    However, the technology does not exactly have a spotless record. In late 2015, for example, a commercial drone was caught flying at 7,000 feet altitude only 20 feet to the right of a plane outside of New York’s JFK airport. This is not the only time that drones have been seen flying -- illegally -- in restricted airspace. Over two separate periods of just four months, French authorities reported 60 drone incidents in their nuclear facilities, and the FAA reported a total of 583 drone-related issues.
    Drones have also famously landed on the lawn of the White House, prompting the creation in late 2015 of a ban on drone flight inside Washington DC, and altitude restrictions within a 15-mile radius of the Presidential residence. In my opinion, this is an example of a justified restriction: it prevents important government buildings from being subject to potentially dangerous aerial attacks.
    So, clearly, certain restrictions are required.  Yet, how might the government go about this?  I would suggest that the following policies be instated to protect the safety of the American people:
* Require drones to be licensed and coordinate with the FAA before flying above a certain altitude.
* Continue to mandate that all drones above a certain mass (currently the limit is 250 grams) be licensed.
* Disallow the flight of drones around any restricted airspace. They have many of the same abilities as traditional aircraft. We need to treat them as such.
* Continue and expand anti-drone research to improve technologies to stop rogue drones from violating these laws.
    Drones have considerable potential to create unique photographs and films, perform industrial tasks, and even save lives; however, it would be naive to suggest that they be allowed to be used without any government oversight. With some common sense restrictions, however, I believe this technology can be used to its full potential without endangering citizens.

Sources:
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2013/12/131202-drone-uav-uas-amazon-octocopter-bezos-science-aircraft-unmanned-robot/
http://www.theverge.com/2016/3/25/11306850/faa-drone-airport-incidents
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2016/04/18/drones-are-not-toys--theyre-dangerous-and-they-must-be-regulated/

